have you ever want to do a picture like
this one or like this one i can tell you
i have but helping it's a chance to
shoot a picture like this with a small
action camera when the lens isn't bigger
than this not big at all so at first
there has to be an idea I need to feel
the kind of dome and which place could
be better to get some ideas than in
YouTube so I found something and with a
little help of glue pistol and some
plastic and blue I made this one put it
all together and it looks like this a
hole to put the camera in then there you
go dr. while the balloon will lose its
shape and it's not easy to press the on
and off button so now you check this out
there is a place where you can order a
3d printed based on so this will be the
unpacking of it got everything here
let's see what happens what's inside
they might even it's a long time that's
good audit on the force jacek days later
and actually it looks like this comes
with a little something here check it
out later and what do we need more we
need or rings some screws and of course
most important vehicle dome
and my name is finished and put together
it looks like this
this is the front holy good backside
with some steps to mount and fix and
hold the cam later on one of the o-rings
you put the camera in it will be kept
inside without for ya available so far
in four different sizes if you got
curious now so you find us on facebook
search for SW g minus stone for more
information there will be an unpacking
video an elite test of it too so see you
later guys